README.md, before:

# Symfony React Nginx Node Docker Setup

## Project Description
Parts of the project will run in different containers and will be connected via docker network. 
Project setup will be handled in docker with the docker compose file

### Tecnologies (To Be) Used:
*   Docker
*   Nginx
*   Mysql
*   Symfony
*   React
*   Node

### Project Motivation
I need more practice using tools such as docker. I haven't done a project with symfony that utilizes react for frontend.

### How To Use
*   Clone the repository
*   Create a "mysql" folder in the root
*   run "docker-compose up -d --build" 
*   inside the node-service container run "yarn install"
*   go to "https://localhost:8080" to view index.php


### Notes
Full tutorial for the setup is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITOnpzkzlYM&list=PLaxcKCJLJmbDOT25foBK1uvL9-XHAoE1b&index=47&t=974s)

### Currently working on
Need to do some reading on how to work with data in symfony and database connection.
I want to save my To do list to the database I have established and maybe delete some after doing the activities I planned to do
Trying to understand how to use symfony requests and responses, reading, testing...
Gonna read the docs of and try out the serilize component after my break

Commit message:

fnally getting data in backend

README.md, after:

# Symfony React Nginx Node Docker Setup

## Project Description
Parts of the project will run in different containers and will be connected via docker network. 
Project setup will be handled in docker with the docker compose file

### Tecnologies (To Be) Used:
*   Docker
*   Nginx
*   Mysql
*   Symfony
*   React
*   Node

### Project Motivation
I need more practice using tools such as docker. I haven't done a project with symfony that utilizes react for frontend.

### How To Use
*   Clone the repository
*   Create a "mysql" folder in the root
*   run "docker-compose up -d --build" 
*   inside the node-service container run "yarn install"
*   go to "https://localhost:8080" to view index.php


### Notes
Full tutorial for the setup is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITOnpzkzlYM&list=PLaxcKCJLJmbDOT25foBK1uvL9-XHAoE1b&index=47&t=974s)

### Currently working on
Need to do some reading on how to work with data in symfony and database connection.
I want to save my To do list to the database I have established and maybe delete some after doing the activities I planned to do
While testing with postman all the requests and responses work as they should but getting all types of errors from react frontend, working on it ...
Apparently the data sent from the frontend somehow doesn't reach the symfony backend
Getting the info now, gonna save it to the database after my break
